Inarizaki Karasuno
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
Nishinoya!
All right!
I knew it... Yeah...
Miya Atsumu has been targeting Nishinoya ever since the start of the second set.
It looks like all the servers are deliberately trying to avoid Nishinoya.
This is probably the first time Nishinoya's ever felt...
the humiliation of being targeted.
Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu
Haikyuu !
!
Haikyuu
We're not gonna quit now, we're not stopping here, we're not giving up
We're in the direst of straits We understand all that
But we're not quitting now, we're not stopping, we're not giving up
'Cause if we give up now It'll all be over
If we don't step up to the challenge, we'll never get a taste
Of the most exhilarating time of our lives
There's always been something we've lacked, something missing
Haven't you also hungered for it?
So we'll be coming at them fair and square
We're gonna play out this reality, all the sweet and all the sour
We wanna come straight at you with the greatest of finesse
We're torn toward that delight because that seems like the most fun
So there's no way we're giving up now
Not until we've tasted it all and are left grinning
So let's start smiling
Miyagi Karasuno Miyagi Karasuno
Episode Nineteen: The Ultimate Challengers
Chikara, could you tape me up?
I suck at it.
Oh, sure.
Did you sprain your finger?
You okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Inarizaki's number seven has an intense serve.
Yeah. And he's going after the libero, who can only defend.
Oh?
That libero's really good and full of energy.
If they crush him, that team's in trouble.
Really?
"There's no way we can get balls that even our libero can't get."
That's probably what Miya Atsumu is thinking, so he's putting pressure on them that way.
It always feels great when you get a service ace against a strong opponent.
There he goes.
Huh? What?
Atsumu is amazingly, incredibly thoughtless at times.
Huh?! That's so rude!
All right!
Don't give up, Nishinoya.
Give us a good serve!
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
Four steps...
So it's going to be a jump floater.
Miya Atsumu manages to get back-to-back service aces against their libero!
It totally looked like he got that.
The ball's path seemed to change right in front of him.
When doing an underhanded pass, you don't have much leeway.
If the point where it hits is just a bit off, the ball ricochets at a weird angle.
Yeah, totally!
I've never seen Nishinoya fail two serve receives in a row.
Volleyball isn't a sport where you can finish things off on your own.
If you can't get the first receive up, nothing's gonna get going.
That's why the emotional damage from missing a serve receive is huge.
Not to mention, if the libero, who's in charge of defense, can't defend,
there's no point in him being on the court.
I can't count how many times Nishinoya's cheered me up.
I've got your backs.
What am I supposed to say to him?
Noya—
The hell?
What's he doing?
The finger push-ups from practice we get as a punishment.
Nishinoya's doing his best to stay calm right now.
That guy's the best.
Yes!
Keep it going!
Get it!
That was a weak receive!
Asahi!
I'm not gonna be able to hit it that hard.
He went for the setter!
The first to touch the ball is Miya Atsumu!
At the same time, Miya Osamu is right under the ball!
He's not even a setter and he pulled off a C set?!
On a counterattack too!
He's covering for his twin.
I can get this.
Got him.
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
The one who just got the ball up wasn't the setter.
It was Miya Osamu!
Nice spike.
Nice set.
What was that just now?
He totally had that block.
Don't worry.
You're a great blocker.
Jackass.
Inarizaki Karasuno They got another one.
What's up with Suna?
He wasn't standing out much on offense at first, but is he getting into his groove now?
Rintarou starts off slow.
And I'll have you know...
he knows how to control the opposing team's blockers.
Rintarou's weapon is his wide range on where he can hit the ball.
If a normal guy's range is about this much,
Rintarou's is about this much.
When he spikes, he doesn't just use his arm or his shoulder.
He uses his whole upper body.
His core.
Since he uses his whole upper body, his spikes stay powerful.
It's completely different from just lightly tapping on the ball.
I'm not sure I understand completely, but basically, when he's about to get blocked,
he somehow gets through the block.
It's happened a few times.
Oh, and what's this about him controlling the blockers?
Just watch.
Out!
Damn it!
All right! Asahi, get a nice serve in!
Why are you all sad that I messed up?
Fire it up, fire it up, Karasuno!
Inarizaki Karasuno Get it, get it, Karasuno!
Get it, get it, Karasuno!
Aran!
Yes!
That was a powerful service ace!
Sorry.
Focus on the next one.
Karasuno hasn't been doing their best with serves in the second set, so hopefully they can turn things around here.
Aran!
Go! Block that ball, Tsukki!
Two blockers!
Well done.
Nice spike, Rintarou! Yes, yes, Rintarou! Do it again!
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
The better the blockers are,
the easier it is for Suna to control them.
Haikyuu!!
Well, did you see that?
Huh? What?
Inarizaki Karasuno Inarizaki Karasuno
Inarizaki Inarizaki Inarizaki
Did you figure it out?
Their number ten looked totally ready to hit a cross-court spike.
Tsukki immediately reacted to that and tried to block him off,
and Kageyama also immediately jumped in to support him.
However,
his approach and the way his body's facing are both diversions.
He lures the blockers into thinking he's doing a cross-court spike, then does the opposite midair.
And he does all this without losing any power to his spikes.
Fast attacks from middle blockers usually end up more compact than other attacks.
They're usually quick enough to get through the blockers.
But Rintarou can use his fast attack to go head-to-head against the blockers once the set goes up.
Man, nationals is scary.
We just need to get them off their game so they can't use their fast attacks!
We need to go all-out with our serves and spikes!
Yeah!
Nishinoya!
Nice receive!
Another powerful serve!
The fact that he managed to get it up is amazing too.
I touched it! Someone get it!
Left!
Three blockers!
That was an intense spike from Ojiro Aran!
The ball is right above the net!
Akagi!
Kageyama pushes it in!
Left!
Here comes Ojiro Aran from the left again!
Stop him!
No slacking!
Three blockers!
That spike got past the three blockers and packed a punch!
It might've gone above the block. That was high!
But now, Karasuno has a chance to fight back, and—
Yeah!
Ojiro Aran slams it into their court!
He managed to get three spikes over in less-than-ideal situations.
He truly tore through for that point!
Nice spike, Aran! Jump, jump, Aran! Do it again!
Inarizaki Karasuno
Not yet, sir.
That was clearly our mistake. Our boys know that.
More importantly, we don't want to let Ojiro Aran rest for even 30 seconds right now.
Yeesh.
Their number four reminds me of Ushiwaka.
What makes him different from Ushiwaka is that he's actually receiving serves.
Meaning they can aim their serves at him,
and they've actually gotten quite a few service aces against him.
That's definitely stressing him out a bit.
And there are plenty of difficult sets going up, followed by a bunch of solid blocks.
His exhaustion and irritation are definitely brewing, as they should be.
Or so I think!
Sorry, get it!
Tanaka!
Yeah!
Ryuu, you're so badass!
Fly Fly Tanaka Ryunosuke from Karasuno High School!
Good job, Tanaka!
He's breaking through Inarizaki's obvious advantage with that one!
And now, Karasuno High School is going to bring in Sugawara, a third-year.
I'll avenge Nishinoya.
I'm not dead!
Sugawara's going in to replace Tsukishima.
Which probably means that Kinoshita won't be serving.
That was my 25th service ace in my visual training.
Hey!
We took the first set,
but you guys aren't actually thinking that we can let them have the second set, are you?!
We're winning this in straight sets!
Yeah!
Jaybird Inn Jaybird Inn
I want you to put as much pressure on Ojiro Aran as possible.
With blocks, of course, but more importantly with serves.
I definitely won't complain if you get service aces off of him,
but the ideal is to get him to fall to one knee.
Even if I'm only on the court for ten or twenty seconds...
Even five seconds...
I'm going to annoy the hell out of Inarizaki!
Up front!
That was a rather risky serve for Karasuno's Sugawara!
Osamu!
Kageyama, finish it off!
Left!
All right!
It's a bit low.
Aran, calm down!
Yessir!
This time Inarizaki is using their pinch server.
The first-year, Riseki Heisuke.
I spent all three years of junior high on the bench.
The one time I came on as a pinch server, I messed up my serve and that was it.
You got this!
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
There's no point if I don't land this.
I have to start...
by making this first serve.
Well, Riseki definitely got the ball into the court.
Asahi!
Got it!
Hell yeah!
We don't need the memories
What the hell was that serve?!
Why are you even here?!
No one asked you to just give them the ball!
Wow, I haven't heard this in a while.
What is this?
Booing? They're booing their own side?
But he didn't mess up the serve, did he?
What is this?
Inarizaki's brutal critiques.
I heard that if you make a shitty play, their cheer squad gives you an earful.
You're probably hearing it now.
Really?
That's pretty mean, considering he's not even a pro.
This is why I told you to take that chance.
You always think too hard about this.
We don't need a guy who just gets the serve over the net on our team.
Whether we're in the lead or not doesn't matter.
Right.
Fly Fly
A service ace!
That speed! That location!
No one was gonna be able to touch that one.
That's...
Calmeyama.
The hell are you talking about?
I think it's pretty self-explanatory, but it's a calm Kageyama.
Like when I'm able to do fast attacks without closing my eyes,
or when he got Tsukishima's point of impact higher.
Times like that.
It's basically when he's in the most tip-top shape.
But it's only his face that's calm.
He's still as harsh as ever, so you need to proceed with caution.
This tends to happen a lot when facing a powerful foe.
At some point, you turned into an instruction manual.
The air is really prickly.
Inarizaki High School is calling their first timeout.
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
But wow, both sides have some really powerful serves.
Fly Fly
Both schools have a variety of attacks that are very powerful.
If they don't get aggressive with their serves and stop the other team's fast attacks,
Just keep pressing the attack like you have been. Don't falter on receiving, either.
the other side will definitely get a point.
I'm sure you're all tired about now, but so are they.
We've got the momentum on our side right now.
Will Kageyama's serves turn the tables around for Karasuno?
Make sure you concentrate.
Right!
Yes!
All right!
He lands another one!
That timeout sure didn't kill his concentration!
m 756 432 l 742.5 469.5 778.5 549 891 532.5 969 525 985.5 469.5 976.5 408 853.5 385.5
Miya Osamu Miya Osamu
m 1279.5 538.5 l 1287 576 1318.5 637.5 1419 618 1506 607.5 1512 504 1410 474
Miya Atsumu Miya Atsumu Seriously?
Do it again!
Gin!
Aran!
Even if we can't totally break them down mentally,
just the slightest annoyance should do it.
If they hit aggressive spikes toward us even a little...
Left, left!
Three blockers!
...that'll give us a huge chance for a turnaround.
Yes, yes, yes, yes!
Here it comes!
Oh, hey. Is that... Yeah...
That was annoyingly just out of bounds.
Fire it up, fire it up, Karasuno!
Fly Fly
Damn it!
And the ball is sailing right back over to Karasuno's side.
Too damn fast!
Don't go getting a big head, now.
Samu!
Yeah!
Ojiro Aran certainly landed that one!
He's making his presence known as the ace!
Atsumu's dig was amazing.
Both Kageyama Tobio and Miya Atsumu are candidates for the national youth team and excellent setters.
You can see the sparks fly even when they're not setting.
Osamu! Put the finisher on this second set already!
Also, I definitely got way more service aces than you today!
Would you shut up?
Shit.
Inarizaki Inarizaki Inarizaki
Inarizaki
That was a little too powerful and definitely went out of bounds!
That really flew!
You don't need to hit a home run here!
It's not like you haven't done that before!
It's because you provoked him.
Ow!
Osamu looks pretty calm, but he hates losing.
Well, think about who his other half is.
Even the slightest wavering of their mental strength...
will throw them off their usual plays just a bit.
Then irregularities start to pile up.
It's in!
Gin!
And that changes the flow.
Sorry!
It's fine!
It's all good, Asahi.
Sorry!
Let's get our rhythm back.
Let's calm down.
The only thing I'm sure of is that the day will come when I finally get it
It doesn't matter if I make some mistakes along the way as long as I hold onto these feelings
In my dreams I wanted to throw off the yoke of gravity and reality
But the day in day out of bringing it all together had me grounded
The boy who acted all tough like he wasn't scared of anything
Still hasn't been torn away from the sweat of fierce competition
But he's not just hoping for miracles anymore
We can go anywhere we want to because one day our dream will come true
It was no mere coincidence that we made it this far
Every time we're forced from the stage I always wanna get right back on it
And I can hold onto that strong desire because you were there
Episode Twenty: Leader Episode Twenty: Leader
Episode Twenty: Leader Next time: "Leader."